Add page for enabling kdump through ignition (#388)
coreos/fedora-coreos-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/debugging-kernel-crashes.adoc

= Debugging kernel crashes using kdump

== Introduction
kdump is a service that creates crash dumps when there is a kernel crash. It uses kexec to boot into a secondary kernel (known as a capture kernel), then exports the contents of the kernel's memory (known as a crash dump or vmcore) to the filesystem. The contents of vmcore can then be analyzed to root cause the kernel crash.

> Configuring kdump requires setting the `crashkernel` kernel argument enabling the kdump systemd service. Memory must be reserved for the crash kernel during booting of the first kernel. `crashkernel=auto` is likely insufficient memory on Fedora CoreOS. It is recommended to start testing with 300M. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuring kdump requires setting the `crashkernel` kernel argument and enabling the kdump systemd service. Memory must be reserved for the crash kernel during booting of the primary kernel. `crashkernel=auto` generally doesn't reserve enough memory on Fedora CoreOS, so it is recommended to specify `crashkernel=300M`. 
```

> By default, the path in which the vmcore will be saved is `/var/crash`. It is also possible to write the dump over the network or to some other location on the local system by editing `/etc/kdump.conf`. For additional information, see https://www.mankier.com/5/kdump.conf[`kdump.conf(5)`] and the comments in `/etc/kdump.conf` and `/etc/sysconfig/kdump`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the vmcore will be saved in `/var/crash`. It is also possible to write the dump to some other location on the local system or to send it over the network by editing `/etc/kdump.conf`. For additional information, see https://www.mankier.com/5/kdump.conf[`kdump.conf(5)`] and the comments in `/etc/kdump.conf` and `/etc/sysconfig/kdump`.
```
